so my typical week that my hours vary and that's because the program that
we're standing up and creating is very fluid and what kind of building
it off the ground another way of saying is we're we're building
this plane while we're flying at the same time so usually my work
weeks can consist of working from eight in the morning til sometimes
ten at night I do take my work home with me a lot of time so if I'm
here training personnel from early in the morning till you know for
five o'clock in the afternoon there stuff I still need to get accomplished
all take that home and work on it so on an average you know
I'm I'm working on anywhere between ten and twelve hours a day at a
minimum